Review radhika (#126)
worldbank/d4di: chapters/handling-data.tex

Therefore, your code should be written neatly and published openly.
It should be easy to read and understand in terms of structure, style, and syntax.
Finally, the corresponding dataset should be openly accessible

> unless for legal or ethical reasons it is proprietary.\sidenote{\url{https://dimewiki.worldbank.org/wiki/Publishing_Data}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unless for legal or ethical reasons it cannot.\sidenote{\url{https://dimewiki.worldbank.org/wiki/Publishing_Data}}
```
